[theme music playing]
[birds chirping]
[yawning]
I thought we were going to look
at the rest of the armory today.
If it is, in fact, today.
Taka isn't good at mornings.
And this is some extra morning.
It is so much morning
that it's actually still yesterday.
Well, you shouldn't have
stayed up so late exploring the castle.
We wanted to see the engine
that moved the castle.
Can it ever be fixed?
Maybe.
But it will take a very long time,
and there are other things to do.
Follow me.
[Taka]
What could be more important than that?
[Alucard]
So many things.
I'm not going anywhere, Taka.
The castle's moved for the last time.
I have places to guard.
[ropes squeak]
[latch clicks]
[pulley creaking]
[hinges creak]
[switch clanks]
[distant clanking]
[Sumi]
Magic lanterns!
Lightning. Not magic.
[Taka]
You put lightning into lamps
and you tell us it's not magic?
It's really not.
The Parthians were storing lightning
in jars two hundred years before Christ.
This is the Belmont Hold.
The final repository of a family
who spent generations
learning how to do one thing:
Kill monsters.
Including vampires.
Shall we?
You want to learn everything
about killing vampires?
The Belmonts made it their lives,
and they wrote it all down.
Do you understand
the anatomy of a vampire?
You put a stabby thing into their heart
and they go boom.
[Alucard]
It's a little more complicated than that.
Good start, though.
What about... people?
[Alucard] I'm fairly sure
you know how to kill people.
[Sumi]
Cho had many human warrior slaves.
Maybe more than we can take on our own.
Well, we can look at tactics.
And the lightning lamps.
Can lightning be a weapon, too?
Could you make lightning
kill a lot of people at once?
Let's start small, shall we?
Of course.
We are just worried about a lot of things.
You're being incredibly kind,
and we are very grateful.
[Alucard]
I know you're worried.
Taka, you need to understand
that I'm not just passing on ways
to murder people.
I do.
It's just that the odds
are so stacked against us.
I can't sleep.
That's why I was
wandering around the castle all night.
Sumi was just keeping me company.
All right, all right. But...
you do need to understand.
I'm sharing all of this with you
so that you'll remember it and pass it on.
Not just the war-making.
Everything.
I think Trevor Belmont would like the idea
of equipping
a new generation of monster hunters.
[bird chirping]
-Ooh!
-[panting]
[Judge]
No running!
I've told you a thousand times
I won't have children
running like wild dogs through my town.
And I've told you, in particular,
more than twenty times, haven't I?
Haven't I, boy?
And you're here first thing in the morning
because you like the freshest apples,
aren't you?
Mmm. I thought so.
Would you like to know a secret?
If you go into the woods
through the back field
and follow the path until the fork,
and you go down the way with the big tree
that you all say looks like an angry face,
and you go over the creek,
past the point the way
your parents say you shouldn't go...
Right?
I happen to know there's an apple tree
in the clearing after that.
It's my apple tree,
and nobody's allowed to go there.
So, if you promise not to tell a soul
where you're going...
Go and get yourself three apples.
And no more running.
[sighs]
You're up early.
Lots to do.
Probably not enough time to do it.
I'm told you were drinking
with Belnades and Belmont yesterday.
I am extremely famous and they wanted
to meet someone who'd seen toilet paper.
What the fuck is toilet paper?
It's Chinese. Good morning, Judge.
[scoffs]
Toilet paper.
Hmm.
Ugh.
Uh-huh.
Not an obvious thing to find in a church.
[footsteps approaching]
[St. Germain]
Uh, Prior Sala?
Prior Sala!
Oh, good. Saint Germain.
A question, Prior.
[Sala] We are quite busy
this morning, I'm afraid.
Th-This book. Do you recognize it?
Mmm. I don't.
Really?
Because it's an unusual book
to find in a church.
Old priories are known to find themselves
storing old and unusual books.
Indeed so.
But someone recently read this book, Sala.
After which they tore a section out.
Many of these books are damaged.
I don't see why this should excite you so.
Because the tears haven't yellowed, Sala.
The section was removed
within the last few months.
The soot on the edges is still loose.
And--
And I wonder...
who selected this book
from your collection?
I fail to see why this should interest me.
Because the missing section
involves methods and processes
for returning people from Hell.
Perhaps someone simply pulled out
those pages
to wipe their backside with.
I understand they use paper for that
in the Orient.
[scoffs] This book was written by
a forgemaster some two hundred years ago,
an insane forgemaster
who did not practice in the usual way.
Is there any mention of Dracula?
No. But you miss the point--
Then you had better get back to work.
Sala.
You told me not to treat you
as if you were mad.
Do not disappoint me.
[monsters growling]
[blows smoke]
Good morning, Sir Forgemaster.
You know me?
I smell you.
[inhales]
You'll find no fresh bodies
to kill and forge here.
You're alone here?
Entirely.
It's not every day
you see a one-person village.
Once upon a time,
you may have found it quite over-full.
Ten people to a house.
Screaming kids everywhere.
It was teeming.
Honestly?
Sometimes I like it a little better now.
Did you do this?
[laughs]
Oh, no. Oh, God, no.
Quite outside my powers.
There's a town thirty miles up the road.
Well...
more of a prison, really.
Since that is the direction I'm headed,
perhaps you'd give a traveler
and fellow practitioner
a friendly warning?
You can smell me, too?
I see you.
Huh.
The town is run by a magician.
He has dreams of a city,
a slave population to build it.
So he swept up the surrounding villages,
cooked their souls down to ash...
turned them into ants.
Make them eat shit
and stack bricks.
But... you're still here.
Yes.
So, you let this magician
take your neighbors.
I wonder why.
Unless, of course, you're not quite
what you pass yourself off as.
[wind whistling]
Oh... I am.
-[whooshing]
-[horse whinnies]
I'm just not as strong as I was.
This life takes a toll, Forgemaster.
It does.
I am Isaac.
Miranda.
You were able to protect yourself, but...
I was able to frighten them away from me.
But the magic is thin now.
I couldn't do a thing for anyone else.
I had to just watch.
The magician never came back for you?
He has no reason to.
I can still defend myself,
he wouldn't be able to turn me.
And how much use would I be to him,
anyway?
He has what he needs.
The mad bastard!
Building a city-state here.
One day the Styrians will
punch through the cities that enclose them
and swarm across the country.
I'm going to Styria.
Why, for God's sake?
I have people to kill there.
[scoffs]
Well, you will need more of them.
And Styria is still
a good two weeks' ride from here.
I was betrayed.
I could not do a thing.
The magician I spoke of
has a transmission mirror, Isaac.
Really?
One that is unusually tall and wide,
and can transmit many people at once.
Of course, to obtain such a treasure,
you will have to kill
everyone in that town,
so that the magician has no defense.
Thereby converting the entire population
into more of your night creatures,
equipping you with a full army
to take your revenge in Styria.
Yes, I probably should have mentioned
that I am quite mad.
[laughs]
Oh, kill them all, pretty forgemaster.
They'll thank you for it.
And they'll thank you
for turning them
into instruments of revenge
against the human race.
Go and save my old neighbors,
and take your reward.
It would please
a tired old colleague in your art,
and it would be justice.
There are worse things in the world
than vampires in Styria, Isaac.
There are worse things... than betrayal.
[crows cawing]
[scratching]
Watch.
[Sypha]
Got them.
[Trevor]
Now what?
[Sypha]
I suppose we question them.
We only need one of them for that.
And we don't need the alarm raised
in the priory.
Do you have a suggestion?
Let me take care of it.
I've felt bloody useless
ever since all of this
became about magic and weird symbology.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
I'm a simple man with simple pleasures.
[grunts]
[man coughing]
[snarls]
[attacker grunting]
[grunting]
[groans, grunts]
Ah! Ohh.
[snarls]
[cracks knuckles]
[growls]
Oh, I do like meeting
a professional killer.
And that grip gives it away every time.
Oh!
Ah!
[growls]
[groans]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[groans]
[yells, groans]
Ah!
[groans]
[Trevor chuckles]
Hmm?
[monk groaning]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[thud]
[grunts]
[cracking]
Hmm.
[crunches]
-[Trevor grunts]
-[monk groans]
[breathing heavily]
Uh.
[hinges squeak]
[grunting]
[door opens]
[Judge]
What's this?
I've found your vandal.
He's a very naughty monk.
We caught him carving a symbol
into the side of a home.
The one we saw at the front gates.
[Sypha] The one seen in a few places
around the village.
One with a troubling set of meanings.
Tell the Judge what the symbol means.
[grunts] Fuck you to death.
Ohhh!
Keep a civil fucking tongue in your head
when you're addressing me, monk.
[grunts] I'm telling you nothing.
You can't keep me here.
You can't do a thing.
[Trevor]
We could just kill you.
[grunts] I can't believe
I tried to be nice to you.
[sighs]
The symbol has a set of meanings
that, taken together,
mean death and transformation.
They're planning something magical
in nature.
And you think this is a plan?
Sala and his people are intending
to take some kind of action
against the town?
I'm certain of it.
Well, tell me exactly what action.
I do not exactly know.
But he does.
And Saint Germain is inside the priory.
He shared our suspicions last night.
[slams]
[humming]
[humming stops]
-[distant whooshing]
-Ah.
[whooshing]
[Gregorian chant style music playing]